chore: Merge iTwinUI-react into iTwinUI (#868)
iTwin/iTwinUI: CONTRIBUTING.md

`yarn build`

### To open development servers

`yarn dev`

### To run all unit tests and visual tests

`yarn test`

_Before running this command, make sure Docker is running. See [Testing](#Testing) section below for more details._

### To lint and fix autofixable errors

`yarn lint`

---

## Developing

### Monorepo overview

We use [Turborepo](https://turborepo.org/) as our monorepo tool to improve the experience of [yarn workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/workspaces/). It allows running commands in parallel and caches build outputs.

The root package.json includes a few commands that use `turbo run` to run the corresponding command in all workspaces.

e.g. to build all workspaces together, run the following command from the root:

```
yarn build
```

#### Development environment

To start the development server for all workspaces, run the following command from the root.
```
yarn dev
```

This will automatically build anything that's not already built, and run the `dev` script for every workspace in parallel, watching for file changes.

> By default, it will open the storybook and docs website in your browser. Any examples and playgrounds will need to be manually opened. The urls/ports are as follows (assuming they are available):

Reviewer: HTML test pages also opened automatically. So mentioning them here. Also, not sure what was meant by "examples", so maybe we can remove it. 

```suggestion
By default, it will open the HTML test pages (`itwinui-css` demo), storybook (`itwinui-react` demo), docs website in your browser. Playgrounds will need to be manually opened. The urls/ports are as follows (assuming they are available):
```
